Adds note for the common error of indentations (#11106)
flutter/website: src/content/ui/assets/assets-and-images.md

To add files located in subdirectories, create an entry per directory.
:::

:::note

> A common mistake is incorrectly indenting your `assets` entry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indentation matters in YAML. If you see an error like
`Error: unable to find directory entry in pubspec.yaml`
then you _might_ have indented incorrectly in your
pubspec file. Consider the following [broken] example:
```

```yaml
flutter:
assets:
  - directory/
```

> when it should be a key _of_ the `flutter` entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `assets:` line should be indented by exactly
two spaces below the `flutter:` line:
```
